hopefully this will be helpful in prep for tomorrow mtg. I managed to talk to
Tristan some more and look at a couple things myself. Regarding layout and
such, for the first version we're gonna go with the bootstrap jumbotron
template:

http://getbootstrap.com/examples/jumbotron/

ideally, if time allows and it's not too complicated, I'd like to mix jumbotron
with the carousel template:

http://getbootstrap.com/examples/carousel/

for the top I'd like the fixed stuff in jumbotron, carousel annoys me and
distract from the value prop. However the 3 boxes below the top are actually
much nicer in the carousel and so are the 3 larger section below that would
allow to explain more about the sessions. It also looks nicer on mobile too.

Regarding CTAs, there's a major one "join a group" and a minor one "read more"
that would be an anchor to the 3 big boxes/row below. I will work on the copy,
but you are more than welcome to give some thoughts to the CTA yourself. I'd
like to express the idea of coming to experience a meeting in person, which is
what we do, folks come once and then have to decide if they want to continue
and to do that they sign up. Eventually we'd probably want to A/B test copy and
CTAs, but for now that's not necessary.

For the menu bar at the top we'd like to have the Lean startup logo, even
small, on the left hand side of the bar saying Lean Startup Circle and then an
About page, a Team page and the Contact page. Right aligned there should be a
phone number that I will give you.

I'm working on the texts and images for the 3 columns + images and text for the
3 larger sections.

The other pages are pretty simple: About page is just an image at the top and
then some text introducing the LSC and the P2PC, that's it, no layout of sort:

http://getbootstrap.com/examples/grid/ full width, single column wit the navbar
at the top consistent with the other pages. Need at image under the navbar tho,
that's the only change.

DON'T PANIC NONE OF THIS IS NECESSARY FOR V1!

Just so that we're clear, I'm laying out what's we're thinking of so that you
know where we're going. What's likely to happen after this is that we will have
a main LSC page with carousel template and then one of the carousel will talk
about the P2PC and link to the site you're building now.

At some point I'd also love to add some social proof and have testimonials, we
already have people that would be ready to give some. A carousel would work for
this, something like
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/96099766/RotatingTestimonial/index.html ,
altho I'd like to have their photos in there as well so that you can connect
with the person.

ftr, this is one of the best templates I could find that isn't stupidly full of
stuff moving and effects and has a nice flow in terms of progressively
asserting the product and stll looking good:

http://websites.simplesphere.net/flexland/files/index3.html

the choice of putting the testimonials at the end is questionable tho, I'd
rather have it at the top as a div right under the top box.
